For this lab, submit a script that, when given a board and a token on the command line, 
will return a preferred move using a simple, non-recursive strategy.  Scoring is based 
on the sum of the total number of the script's tokens at the end of each game divided by 
the sum of all the tokens at the end of each game.  Trying for a value in the 72 to 75% range.

There are some time specific time limitations.  The submitted script is allowed .5 seconds 
per move.  If it is fast on a particular move (and for this lab, it should be fast on all of them),
then it may hoard the extra time and use it in a future round.  This consideration, however, 
motivates the following architecture: the list of all possible moves should be printed at the 
start of the script.  ONLY SUBSEQUENT to this should the script investigate which move is most beneficial.  
That means that Lab 3 can serve as a base for this code.  Note that although the school's Othello server
supports time hoarding, the school competition currently does not.

The submitted script will play 100 scripts against Random.  Any error on its part (ie. script error, 
no move given, or illegal move given) will cause the entire test to immediately terminate.  
If Labs 1, 2 or 3 are coming in at 100%, however, this should not be an issue.  Timeout is not
considered an error, and will be a normal occurrence starting from Lab 7.

The two lowest scoring games that your code achieves will be shown.  
You can paste the sequence as a command line argument to Othello Lab 3 and it will display the game.  
There are a few negative numbers that may be observed in this sequence (negative numbers are informational 
only and the reason that your lab 3 code ignores them): -1 means there is a pass at that point. 
-2 means a timeout.  -3 means the script asked for an illegal move (this usually happens because some other
debugging information was being printed), -4 means the script output no moves (which means that the basic 
instructions were not followed), -5 means a script error.  You should not see any numbers less than -2.
