Provide a script which takes one integer from 30-39 (inclusive) on the command line, and returns the regular expression corresponding to that HW problem.  Include delimiting slashes and option letters. 
The submitted script for this lab could be in the form of:

import sys; args = sys.argv[1:]
idx = int(args[0])-30

myRegexLst = [
  r"/hi mom/i",
  r"/hi dad/i",
  r"",
  ... ]

if idx < len(myRegexLst):
  print(myRegexLst[idx])

Definitions:
Binary string: a string, possibly empty, that consists exclusively of '0' and '1' characters.
Binary/decimal integer: a non-empty string consisting only of the digits appropriate to the relevant base, such that there are no leading '0' characters, except that the number 0 is represented by '0'.

Each entry in the list should be in the form of:
r"/pattern/options"
The r stands for raw (but could be thought of as standing for regular expression) and allows one to place backslashes in a string without having to escape them.  It is not, strictly speaking, necessary, but is highly recommended.  options, is zero or more of any of the letters i (for case insensitive), s (for dot all), and m (multiline).

30: Determine whether a string is either 0, 100, or 101.
31: Determine whether a given string is a binary string (ie. composed only of  0 and 1 characters).
32: Given a binary integer string, what regular expression determines whether it is even?
33: What is a regular expression to determine (ie. match) those words in a text that have at least two vowels?
34: Given a string, determine whether it is a non-negative, even binary integer string.
35: Determine whether a given string is a binary string containing 110 as a substring.
36: Match on all strings of length at least two, but at most four.
37: Validate a social security number entered into a field (ie. recognize ddd-dd-dddd where the d represents digits and where the dash indicates an arbitrary number of spaces with at most one dash).  For example, 542786363,   542  786363, and 542 – 78-6263 are all considered valid.
38: Determine a regular expression to help you find the first word of each line of text with a  d  in it: Match through the end of the first word with a d on each line that has a d.
39: Determine whether a string is a binary string that has the same number of 01 substrings as 10 substrings.